document serviceWorker register option (#3395)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/14-configuration.md

An object containing zero or more of the following values:

> - `register` - set to `false` to disable automatic service worker registration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `register` - whether to enable automatic service worker registration. Default is `true`
```

Author: I'm following a similar wording style to the `prerender.enabled` config, and we don't really mention the default value for the config anywhere since it's already displayed in the code block at the start, so I don't think the last part is necessary

> - `register` - set to `false` to disable automatic service worker registration

Reviewer 2: we could do it like this — consistent with others, but unambiguous

```suggestion
- `register` - if set to `false`, will disable automatic service worker registration
```
